h1. Skinny Board

Skinnyboard helps agile project teams collaborate to get work done. It provides project boards of virtual index cards that you use to assign work, track status, and measure performance.

Its written in Ruby and uses Rails, Sinatra, CouchDB, mysql, jQuery and Sammy.js in an unholy marriage of api, website, ajax, relational, and nosql, all in a rack stew.

"Fluid Media, Inc.":http://www.fluidmedia.com offers it as a "hosted service":http://www.skinnyboard.com where you can "try it":https://www.skinnyboard.com/users/new?plan=4 for free

We are pleased to offer the code up to the community.  We are hoping that people will use it, and help to make it better.

h2. Using

To run skinny board, you'll need to get the source and install the gems.

You will also need a "CouchDB server":http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/Installation running on http://localhost:5984.

From the application root do the following:

To set up CouchDB:
* curl -X PUT http://localhost:5984/c1
* rake couchdb:load_design_docs db=http://localhost:5984/c1

To setup the db:
* configure database.yml
* rake db:migrate

The app uses subdomain-fu so you need to add an entry to your /etc/hosts file:
* 127.0.0.1 skinnyboard.local

Run the app:
* ruby config.ru
* http://skinnyboard.local:3000/
* click 'Sign Up' to create an account owner (you only need to do this once)

*Stop the app* then run:
* rake utils:subdomains

This will add the correct domains to your etc/hosts file.

Start the app again, and you can login with with account you created above.

*Important* Only the account owner uses sign-up, all other users are invited into the system.

Other things you'll need to set in the config:
* set up your email server and uncomment notifier in UserObserver
* set up your S3 bucket for user avatars
* set up your re-capthcha keys

h2. Testing

If you want to run all the tests, you'll have to create another couchdb database:
* curl -X PUT http://localhost:5984/stage
* rake couchdb:load_design_docs db=http://localhost:5984/stage

To run the tests:
* rake spec=

h2. Help Out

There is still lots to be done and we'd love your help.  Please contribute patches (with tests),
suggestions, criticisms.

h2. MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Fluid Media, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
